this is my movie and this is my life
sorry I swear I would tell truth nothing
but the truth so help me God
we want to stay young forever young and
beautiful because we want guys to love
us I want to make my dream come true
walking the streets of Paris a rich guy
was handsome once I come back here I'm
different I'm cleanse with all my past
life
I do really feel like a real woman
actually not 100% because of the thing
that I have here I met this guy and
anything that his name is Michael since
I'm gonna show me tears
oh boy over to Europe and take her to
Paris she's always talking about
shopping pick up a lot of clothes make
me feel in character don't preach I felt
very much first she has a good sense of
humor which is important
she knows how to be sexy
we are human beings just like everyone
these things are never as impressive in
real life as they are in your
imagination
people like to look at the world through
the right to long and black boy this is
a classic case of shades of grey
you